What is the difference between regular and senior engineer?
How do you understand that you are ready to obtain Senior position. What did you use to evaluate this?
What is a regression? How to chose test cases for regression?
All pairs approach and when it can be applied?

Please describe software methodology on your current project?
What are roles definied for Scum methodology.
Please tell me difference between  Kanban and Scrum?
What test methodology do you prefer? Why.
Name Scrum meetings which occur during the sprint.
Can you say that your former projects were strictly ruled within a certain methodology or it was a mix of different methodologies?

What software testing types do you know?
Which software testing types (or sometimes called levels in different classifications) are applied on your current project and how?
What is the difference between functional and non-functional testing.
What is the difference between software testing types and software testing levels?

Are you familiar with Test strategy and Test plan? What is the difference between TP and TS?
Have you ever created Testing Strategy? What was included in it.
Describe testing strategy on your project\sub-project?
What are the most important points of TP.
What is the difference between TP and TS?
If you need to create Testing Strategy for the new project what will be your actions?


What steps do you take when analyzing the Requirements? 
Or in general - please describe the process of requirements analysis from tester's view.
On which stage of product development reqanalyzisshould be done? Why.
What kind of bugs have you found or can be in the Requirements? 
Could you please describe ideal requirement from tester's point of view?
What are the attributes of the requirement from the QA point of view.
How would you plan testing on mobile devices?
How would you test mobile application without having the mobile device.
Have you faced a problem with outdated documentation on your projects? (Requirements, Specification, Test Cases)
If yes, what were the workarounds in such cases? What was the reason of the outdated documentation issue? "

What test case you consider as good one. What it would contain?
On your project - What format of test cases do use use: client's or the one you've proposed?
Which Test Design / test approaches do you use when create test cases?
Where do you store the test cases.
How do you understand that requirement is covered by enough amount of test cases?
How do you chose test cases to execute when you are limited in time?
Did you face the situation when you have to test a new requirement and you're quite short of time.
There is no time to write test cases. What did you do in that case.
What would you prefer: to write test cases under the customer's control or without it? Prove your point. 